Follow Markdown Link (#39)
epwalsh/obsidian.nvim: README.md

  This command has one optional argument: the ID, path, or alias of the note to link to. If not given, the selected text will be used to find the note with a matching ID, path, or alias.
- `:ObsidianLinkNew` to create a new note and link it to an in-line visual selection of text.
  This command has one optional argument: the title of the new note. If not given, the selected text will be used as the title.

> - `:ObsidianFollowLink` to open a note or create a new note in your vault

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
- `:ObsidianFollowLink` to follow a note reference under the cursor.
```
